Important! Template update for nf-core/tools v1.14 (#48)
nf-core/cageseq: docs/usage.md

}
```

> To find the exact name of a process you wish to modify the compute resources, check the live-status of a nextflow run displayed on your terminal or check the nextflow error for a line like so: `Error executing process > 'bwa'`. In this case the name to specify in the custom config file is `bwa`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the exact name of a process you wish to modify the compute resources, check the live-status of a nextflow run displayed on your terminal or check the nextflow error for a line like so: `Error executing process > 'bowtie`. In this case the name to specify in the custom config file is `bowtie`.
```

I think it is clearer if we use a process, which is in the pipeline.
